My name is Melissa and I am a student at [www.cnu.edu]. I am currently a social worker major in my senior year. My pronouns are she/her. I am currently in a Digital Humanities class which will hopefully help me become a better writer but as well help me market and present myself on social media professionally. Digital Humanities (DH) is an interesting course because it is the combination of humanities with technology and making it more accessible. 

I plan to attend _Norfolk State University_ for graduate school for my Master in Social Work or (MSW) with a specialization of Child Welfare. After graduate school, I hope to work in Social Services in the Child Welfare unit in Foster Care or an agency that helps teach prevention skills, independent living, and educational courses to adolescent or aging-out foster care youth . After a couple of years in the Child Welfare unit, I want to go back to go and receive my PhD in social work. 

Since I am a social work major, I have volunteered throughout my whole college career. Some places I have volunteered are Habitat for Humanity ReStore and Knights of Columbus. I am currently an intern in York-Poquoson Department of Social Sciences in the **Child Protective Service (CPS)**. But, I am learning the umbrella of the Child Welfare system such as Foster Care, CPS, and Family Support/Prevention.

I was born in Cuba but I moved to Hampton, Virginia when I was six years old with my brother and my parents. I frequently visited Cuba when I was younger but I have not been back since I was 15 years old. I always tell people that I was raised in Hampton when asked where I am from to avoid questions about Cuba. 

One of my hobbies is going to the gym with my boyfriend. I go to the gym 5 times a week because of my internship but I usually go 6 times a week. 

